Hayes congratulations for tackling part 1 and 2.
And now we're about to start part three going into production.
Indeed we already have our AI.
It is what we built in part to building the solution with Q learning and so now the only remaining thing
but most important thing we have to do is to build that system that will take as input the starting
location of our ultimate warehouse robot meaning where it is located exactly in which location in the
warehouse and taking as other input of course the temporary location where it has to go.
And then of course this tool will return the optimal route from the starting location to that ending
top priority location.
All right.
And so now the question is how are we going to make such a tool.
Well of course this is going to be a function function taking as inputs as we said the starting and
ending locations and returning the route now under which form will this route be returned.
Well it will be a list of the successive locations that we will have to go through from the starting
location to the ending location.
So basically it will return the path composed of letters representing the locations in the form of the
list.
And speaking of letters in the stool everything will be in letters both the input and the output.
So for example let's say that the starting point is this location and the ending point will still be
the top priority location G.
Well the inputs are not going to be the indexes that is the state of these two locations.
There are going to be the letters in quotes so that particular example the input will be the letter
in quotes and the letter G in quotes.
And same for the output.
The output will be returned in the list containing the letters of the locations following the optimal
path from ETG.
So for example here we can easily see that the optimal pass is either.
I J.
F. B C G or e i j k l h g.
And this is exactly what will be returned by the system you know so that we make an easy to use system
where we just have to put the starting location in any location just as they are in letters and so that
we get the optimal path easy to read in letters as well.
All right so let's make this tool and to help us make this tool correctly.
Well we will already put ourselves in a real situation that is we're going to assume that we're starting
from location and that we have to go to location.
And we'll see step by step what we need to implement in order to go from that location to that location
G by each time using the Q values that were computed here in this part 2.
All right so first of all let's specify manually at first we'll do it manually but then we'll do it
automatically.
But first let's specify manually that we want to go to locations.
The way to specify it manually is obviously to set a high reward in the reward matrix in that specific
location.
And where is that specific location in the Matrix.
Well that corresponds to the cell that is in the road and the ecology and remember the first row corresponds
to location 8.
The second row corresponds to location the third corresponds to the fourth correspond to the fifth correspond
to the sixth corresponds to F and sevenths correspond to G.
So here we are in the right row.
Now we need to get the right column.
So first gone corresponds to a second gone corresponds to be third column corresponds to see fourth
corresponds to the fixed Kancha response to eat 6 Gunga response to F and the 7 is gone.
Here corresponds to G and that is exactly where we have to set a high reward so that our AI system leads
us in top priority to this location corresponding to location G.
And therefore here instead of putting a simple one will put a high reward such as for example 1000 and
that's it.
That's the only thing we have to do.
So that from wherever we start from whatever STARTING POINT we are in the warehouse we'll reach by the
shortest route location.
All right good.
And I remind that to update the reward matrix in order to get to the optimal location here.
We just did it manually but then to improve our system we'll do it automatically that is well implemented
functions so that we don't even have to update this reward matrix manually as we just did.
But first I want to do things manually here so that you can really understand the process and the logic
of how we're going to get to that top priority location by the optimal route.
All right.
So that's the first thing to do.
Now we're going to do a very exciting thing.
We're going to launch the whole training that is we're going to launch our whole implementation up to
here which means that in fact we're going to launch the training of the Q function.
Basically we're going to launch the Q learning process.
So let's do this.
I'm going to select everything here up to the top.
And now to execute this code you just need to well select everything as we just did.
And then if you are on a Windows or Linux you can just press control plus enter.
And for Mac users just like me we just need to press commands Plus enter.
And here we go here.
As you can see it was quite easy that's because we have a very small warehouse here but of course in
reality the warehouse would be much bigger with many more locations and more complexity.
So it would take a little more time but here we already got the training done in a flashlight.
And so now why did I want to do that.
That's because I want to show you right now what our matrix of q values looks like and to do that we
have two ways we can either make a print here or print Q values directly from the console and that's
what we'll do actually.
So let's print all our Q values so here I'm taking the matrix of q values.
Q But then since actually the q values are going to be float numbers well in order to make it more readable
when we print our matrix of q values Well I'm going to convert all the q values into integers and that's
how we do it by just adding that as type int and then we just need to press enter.
And here we go.
That's our matrix of cube values and the first thing we can see in that is important.
Notice is that indeed the highest Q value we see in the matrix is this one and it corresponds to indeed
the cell of location G meaning the cell that is in roadgeek and column G.
You can check that if you want but that's the most important point.
And then all the large Q values are high because they tell you from each location where you have to
go as a next location to get closer to G.
The top priority location.
So that's how it works you see when making that tool that will return that optimal route from the starting
location to location G.
Well each time we are at a specific location for example it's location the year corresponding to that
row will take the highest Q value of that row that is this one to get closer to the top priority location
by the shortest route.
So that means that here will have to go to that next location corresponding to that column here because
it has the highest Q value.
And so we can already see how we are going to build that tool returning the optimal route.
You know we are going to start from our starting location which is the first input of this to the starting
location corresponds to that row.
Then we'll take the highest Q value in that row which is this one 714.
Then we'll play the action corresponding to that column because this is the action that has the maximum
Q value.
Then this action will lead us to a next date this date and then again we'll take the highest Q value
to this one which corresponds to another action leading us to the next stage X cetera and then progressively
we'll get closer and closer to the top priority location G by taking the optimal route.
Of course we'll verify that at the very end.
Until then enjoy AI.